README.md, before:

# Scoop Bucket

This is my personal [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/) bucket.

## Manifests

This bucket includes the following manifests:

- **`helium`** - A Chromium-based web browser made for people, with love. Best privacy by default, unbiased ad-blocking, no bloat, and no noise.  
- **`inter-font`** - Inter is a typeface carefully crafted and designed for computer screens. It features a tall x-height to improve readability of mixed-case and lowercase text.

## Installation

To add this bucket and install apps from it, run the following PowerShell commands:

```pwsh
scoop bucket add <bucketname> https://github.com/fahim-ahmed05/scoop-bucket
scoop install <bucketname>/<manifestname>
```

Replace `<bucketname>` with your preferred local name for the bucket, and `<manifestname>` with the app you want to install.

## Contributing

Want to add or improve a manifest?  
Please read the following guides before submitting changes:

- [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/.github/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- [App Manifests Wiki](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Scoop/wiki/App-Manifests)

Pull requests are always welcome!

Commit message:

Add vacuumtube manifest description to README.md

README.md, after:

# Scoop Bucket

This is my personal [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/) bucket.

## Manifests

This bucket includes the following manifests:

- **`helium`** - A Chromium-based web browser made for people, with love. Best privacy by default, unbiased ad-blocking, no bloat, and no noise.  
- **`inter-font`** - Inter is a typeface carefully crafted and designed for computer screens. It features a tall x-height to improve readability of mixed-case and lowercase text.
- **`vacuumtube`** - VacuumTube is an unofficial wrapper of YouTube Leanback (the console and Smart TV version of YouTube) for the desktop, with a built-in adblocker and minor enhancements.

## Installation

To add this bucket and install apps from it, run the following PowerShell commands:

```pwsh
scoop bucket add <bucketname> https://github.com/fahim-ahmed05/scoop-bucket
scoop install <bucketname>/<manifestname>
```

Replace `<bucketname>` with your preferred local name for the bucket, and `<manifestname>` with the app you want to install.

## Contributing

Want to add or improve a manifest?  
Please read the following guides before submitting changes:

- [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/.github/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- [App Manifests Wiki](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Scoop/wiki/App-Manifests)

Pull requests are always welcome!
